SDK readme (#1940)
anoma/namada: shared/src/sdk/README.md

# The Namada SDK

The Namada SDK is a set of tools and libraries that allow you to use the Namada API in your own applications.

## Table of Contents

- [Installation](#installation)
- [SDK modules](#sdk-modules)
  - [Wallet](#wallet)
  - [Queries](#queries)
  - [Signing](#signing)
  - [Transactions](#transactions)
  - [MASP](#masp)
  - [Rpc](#rpc)
  - [Errors](#errors)

## Installation

> The Namada SDK can be installed into any rust project using cargo. Add the following to your `Cargo.toml` file:
> 
> ```toml
> [package]
> name = "sdk"
> version = "0.1.0"
> edition = "2021"
>  

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The Namada SDK can be added into any Rust project using cargo by the following to your `Cargo.toml` file `[dependencies]` section:

```toml
```

[dependencies]
borsh = "0.9.0"
masp_primitives = { git = "https://github.com/anoma/masp" }
masp_proofs = { git = "https://github.com/anoma/masp", default-features = false, features = ["local-prover"] }

> namada = { git = "https://github.com/anoma/namada", default-features = false, features = ["abciplus", "namada-sdk"] }

Reviewer: we should re-export borsh and masp crates from namada so it's all in one
